== Using hair color: ==

Blond hair: matches with cage, tiles on wall and earrings
Light brown hair: matches with tiles on wall, boots and boxes
Dark brown hair: matches with boots and boxes
Red hair: matches with tiles on wall and red clothes

Searching for skin color near the hair color does not work either.
If molly is next to the boxes at the background it will detect skin color near..
but it doesnt use the hair color but it uses the color of the boxes.

Which means it will return a false result. This basicly means that using the hair color
is not a viable option.

== Making a DDTM: ==
Making a DDTM has some negative side effects aswell. 
One of the first things to handle is that Molly slightly changes position every time you log out/in
It isn't that hard to get around that. You can filter points and get a box around Molly,
then you can grab certain points such as the middle point of the box and the top point / bottom point,
or you can just add some other stuff.

Eventually it grabbed the middle point, the hair color, the pants and the arm color perfectly.
The problem is that the perspective of the Molly's is changing at the other room.
But that is not all, once you pass the door the colors won't match anymore. Obviously you
can add tolerance, but the colors simply aren't matching anymore.

About the perspective changing, you can use DTM rotated and some other stuff but it will
still return false results. Some times it will use the red color of the torches instead of the 
red color of the clothes of Molly. Sometimes it will use the brown color of the boxes instead of the
brown hair color of Molly. Sometimes it will use the yellow color of the tiles on the wall
instead of the blond hair color of Molly. And the list goes on....

This makes means that a DDTM doesn't work properly.

== Making a bitmap of the hair: ==
I've also tried to make a bitmap of the hair by using the BitmapFromClient() procedure.
I got the coords by using the same method as making a DDTM. As explained before you unfortunately
can't ust static coords to grab the Molly hair color. Anyways, once you make a 3x3 px DTM of the hair
and try to change for it you get the perspective problem again..

I tried FindBitmapToleranceIn and even used RotateBitmap and a combination of those (eg. rotating bitmap
for some degrees, searching again, increasing tolerance 5 times, etc.)

So yeah. Making a bitmap of the hairdoesn't work either.

== Making a bitmap of the clothes: ==
Just doesn't work. Will detect the other molly's aswell.

== Using the colors of the clothes: ==
Just doesn't work. Will detect the other molly's aswell.



Other options?
I have no idea. I have added the script that I have made. It works fairly well, it does return
the right color of Molly's hair but it looks close to impossible to me to actually return
the coords of Molly.

The "only" thing that needs to be done to complete the solver is to return molly's position.
If someone can make a function that returns the position of molly's haircolor it would be
greatly appreciated.

Once the molly's hair coordinate is known you can just go down in height to get near the feet.
Once you know the feet coords of the desired Molly with the desired hair color you can input it
in the function I made which converts the TPoint to a Box Number.

Then you can input the box number in the grabber function and it will move there.

So yeah, I've added a .rar with all the information and the script, hope someone can help me
with this.



